enhancement of the stylistics of the documentation and some texts (#2798)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/cookbook/adding-a-new-email-template.md

+    public const VARIABLE_PASSWORD_RESET_URL = '{password_reset_url}';
```

> Replacing variables is internally supported in the' MessageData' class in our `PasswordChangedMail`.

Reviewer: I believe backticks should be preserved.

> Replacing variables is internally supported in the' MessageData' class in our `PasswordChangedMail`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replacing variables is internally supported in the `MessageData` class in our `PasswordChangedMail`.
```
